Event types: add descriptions (#5221)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/13 events/ItemInfo/ItemInfo.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies item's information used in events related to component's items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies item information used in events related to a component's items.
```
